{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2708
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green28\blue31;\red244\green244\blue244;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red26\green33\blue42;\red48\green170\blue231;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12941\c14510\c16078;\cssrgb\c96471\c96471\c96471;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\cssrgb\c13333\c17255\c21569;\cssrgb\c21961\c72549\c92549;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21800\viewh14240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs46 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 KIDS GAMES PRIVACY POLICY\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Your privacy is important to Little Lion and we are committed to protecting the privacy of parents and kids. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices.\cb1 \
\cb3 Little Lion uses and makes all attempts to protect all information when you use our apps & services.\cb1 \
\cb3 If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use the service. We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy. If we make a material change to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting the change in this Privacy Policy. Please check back from time to time to ensure that you are aware of these changes. Your continued use of the Service will signify your acceptance of these changes.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 Personal Data Collected:\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 We use technologies like cookies on our website (small files stored by your browser or operating system), web beacons, or unique device identifiers to anonymously identify your computer or device. Our systems also logs information like your browser, operating system, IP address and anonymous usage data so we can deliver a better experience. We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 Non-personal Data:\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 For purposes of this Privacy Policy, "non-personal data" means information that does not directly identify you. Additionally, non-personal data means "aggregate" and "de-personalized" information, which is data Little Lion collects about the use of Little Lion users, from which any personally identifiable data has been removed.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 App Store and Data Collection:\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 We currently do not serve any third party advertisements, except for our own games on a limited basis to parents from time to time.\cb1 \
\cb3 We make the toddler focused games available via app stores such as  Google Play. While using the game, the App Store may use cookies, unique device identifier codes, software and hardware information, browser information, time zone and usage information or other technology to collect and process the information about you, and we may have access to it. We have no control over an App Store\'92s collection or use of information and cannot change what information is made available to us by the App Store.\cb1 \
\cb3 If you do not want to be subject to these technologies, do not use or access our Services.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 Information Disclosure & Security:\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 In the following circumstances, we may disclose your personal information according to your wish or regulations by law:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf5 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Your prior permission.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 By the applicable law within or outside your country of residence, legal process, litigation requests.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 By requests from public and governmental authorities.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 To protect our legal rights and interests. We take reasonable steps to secure your information against unauthorized access or disclosure. We encrypt transmission of data on pages where you provide payment information. However, no security or encryption method can be guaranteed to protect information from hackers or human error.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 Contacting Us:\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 If you have any questions regarding the Privacy Policy, please contact us at the following email address.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:app_support@rvappstudios.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \cb3 \strokec6 nareshonly851@gmail.com}}\
}